Integrate persistent data options
  Delete backup option
  How many backups to hold in the directory
  So it creates a folder bonsai-backup then puts the backup info in there as cpio. When you flash another ROM that uses the installer since the file is already there can we just have it use that file instead of creating a new one?
zipalign /data on data restore
Use dd to zero out bml12 when doing a modem flash.
  Also do the same for a kernel flash
  Looks like writing to bml block files using dd doesn't work.
Customizations
  Wallpapers
  Launchers
  Bloatware
  Different bootanimations?
Add mounts.prop to hold mounts information for easier porting

# DONE #
Add ability to check for Froyo/GB using a recovery prop file.
  Implement using a kernel version check?
    uname -a | grep '2.6.35'
    2.6.32.x = froyo
    2.6.35.x = gb
Check if we're currently on Froyo. If we are abort installation and inform the user that GB bootloaders are needed.
	ro.build.id=GINGERBREAD
Figure out if functions can be used for installation options. (No they can't...)
Add a popup asking if the user wants to reboot (Added it in install options)
Add an option to wipe dalvik cache
Warn the user if they're about to wipe partitions (Only for the data partition)
Add a reboot dialog after installation
Figure out what would be the best percentage increments
Add a color.prop for easier color configuration.
Check if we're using the SGS4G.
Enable voodoo lagfix through file in sdcard (not needed)
New Aroma Update
  Add reboot phone now dialog after the installer is done
    Not needed, the installer asks before the install gets going
  Force mount before the script runs.
    Should help with backups and calculating partition sizes
Take out wipes and use bonsai's data backup/restore
  Change to tar instead of cpio (not needed, cpio saves a LOT of space)
Enable journaling on /data?
  It's just a performance loss with no real benefit for this phone
We need a team acid logo (for splash).
  Got one :D
Check sdcard free space for data backup, add warning if not enough space before script runs. (there's a bug for this, need to contact installer dev)
  Bug got fixed and now we have a warning.
Disable gzip after cpio in backups to speed the backup further
Figure out how to implement a fallback to the default font in case the installer is being run without a ROM
  zipprop for build.prop?
Integrate inline if support
  iff function
Use busybox rm -rf /dir/* & cp -rf to copy files and overwrite in updater-scripts.
  http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=22796132&postcount=290
Add colors to the install confirmation screen
  red no, green yes